"The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today."
"The best way to predict the future is to create it."
"Don't wait. The time will never be just right."
"Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated."
"Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life."
"The only thing standing between you and your dream is the will to try and the belief that it is actually possible."
"Life is short, and it's up to you to make it sweet."
"The only person you should try to be better than is the person you were yesterday."
"The unexamined life is not worth living."
"Don't just exist, live."
"Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm."
"It's not about waiting for the storm to pass, it's about learning how to dance in the rain."
"Believe you can and you're halfway there."
"The only way to achieve the impossible is to believe it is possible."
"Life begins at the end of your comfort zone."
"The only failure is not to try."
"The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step."
"If you want to lift yourself up, lift up someone else."
"The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams."
"The secret to getting ahead is getting started."
"Challenges are what make life interesting, and overcoming them is what makes life meaningful."
"The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing."
"The harder you work for something, the greater you'll feel when you achieve it."
"If you do what you've always done, you'll get what you've always gotten."
"The secret of change is to focus all of your energy, not on fighting the old, but on building the new."
"The only way to do great work is to love what you do."
"The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be."
"Be yourself; everyone else is already taken."
"The only time you should ever look back is to see how far you've come."
"It's not what happens to you, but how you react to it that matters."
"The biggest risk is not taking any risk."
"Your time is limited, don't waste it living someone else's life."
"The best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago. The second best time is now."
"Life is a series of commas, not periods."
"If you don't design your own life plan, chances are you'll fall into someone else's plan. And guess what they have planned for you? Not much."